I hated the world situation, there was so much suffering, and I always had so many questions,
why are we here? What is it all about? What is the purpose? Is there really a God? Is there
could he allow all of this? So I opened the window and I stuck my head out and I said,
if you're there, I want you to know how I feel about you. I was raised in a religious Jewish
family in the Bronx. My parents viewed money as security and they worked seven days a week.
That really affected us as children a lot. I was a child, let on the loose. I was running the streets.
And so I started using drugs and I started selling drugs and I was getting in every kind of trouble.
And so they moved us out to Long Island hoping things would be better.
But I would take a taxi back into New York City every day. But one of the drivers was named Joe
and we hit it off and I wound up marrying him. My father was so so upset, I married, I'm pregnant.
I said to him, I'm moving out and he said to me, don't look back because this is final.
So my family had disowned me. I was a new mother with a baby and I was really hurting.
So I remember one day looking out the window and seeing this little old man come up my stairs
and he was carrying a little blue book and he came to my door and he went to 25 cents for that book.
The truth that leads to eternal life. And I didn't really care about the book,
but something made me want to give that little old man that quarter. Right away chapter 4 caught my
attention why we grow old and die. And I read the entire chapter and I thought it just made sense.
I can't wait to share this with Joe when he comes home. He just lost his temper. He went out of control.
He did not want to hear about Joe's witnesses. This is not that important. This book was really not
that important. I didn't want it to begin with. And so I just dropped it in the trash can and thought
that's the end of that. It's gone. But that little old man came back with a young sister.
And Joe was there cutting an orange with a knife and he was not happy to see those people again.
He took that knife and he waved it in front of the sister's face and he said, I don't want you
here at the house. She ran to the door and she said, no problem. I will definitely not be back.
And they left and I thought, I really don't think they'll be back.
But they did come back an elderly sister who had a Jewish background. And I said to her, can you not
take a hint that I am not interested in speaking with you? And she said, I get that. I get that.
But I really would love to ask you just one question. I thought, okay, there's no harm in letting her
ask me one question. She opened up the green Bible to the cover page where it has the tetragramaton,
Jehovah's name in Hebrew. And she said, will you just say this name for me? I thought to myself,
I'm not going to say that name. Jewish people don't say that name. I have never ever said that name.
But finally, I did. I said Yehovah. For the very first time, I said the name Jehovah.
And I was like, so shocked, you know, I was just waiting for something terrible to happen.
And then she told me that the name Jehovah was in the Bible about 7,000 times.
As soon as she left, I went and got out my Hebrew Bible. And I was going to look for that name,
Jehovah and circle it if it was there. So I started to do that. I went through the first page
with the second page and I realized as I flipped through the Bible, it's everywhere. The name Jehovah
was everywhere. I thought, I have got to share this with Joe. And Joe was really impressed. He was
really softening. It made a difference. A week later, she comes back because she wanted to show me
a prophecy in the Hebrew Scriptures in Daniel chapter 9. She called it the 70 weeks of year's
prophecy. And for the first time, I could see that there was a real answer to when the Messiah
would come and what would be the results on the earth. Seeing those prophecies really motivated
me to want to know more. I thought to myself, if all of these prophecies are from God and he's
fulfilling all of them, what other prophecies are there? What other wonderful things do we have
to look forward to? My relationship with Jehovah just got better and better. And we were baptized
together on December 2nd, 1972. I came to really appreciate and love Bible prophecy. I started
doing a lot of research and a lot of study on my own. I loved getting to know Jehovah as a person
who wants such good things for us. Everything he wants, everything he asks of us is for our benefit.
It just really touched me to the core. My life is so full now with blessings from Jehovah.
I love that name. There's no more beautiful name in the world than Jehovah.